An old man turned ninety-eight.
He won the lottery and died the next day.
It's a black fly in your Chardonnay.
It's a death row pardon two minutes too late.
And isn't it ironic don't you think.
It's like rain on your wedding day.
It's a free ride when you've already paid.
It's the good advice that you just didn't take.
Who would've thought it figures.
Mr. Play It Safe was afraid to fly.
He packed his suitcase and kissed his kids goodbye.
He waited his whole damn life to take that flight.
And as the plane crashed down he thought.
Well isn't this nice
And isn't it ironic don't you think.
It's like rain on your wedding day.
It's a free ride when you've already paid.
It's the good advice that you just didn't take.
Who would've thought it figures.
Well life has a funny way of sneaking up on you.
When you think everything's okay and everything's going right.
And life has a funny way of helping you out when.
You think everything's gone wrong and everything blows up.
In your face.
A traffic jam when you're already late.
A no-smoking sign on your cigarette break.
It's like ten thousand spoons when all you need is a knife.
It's meeting the man of my dreams.
And then meeting his beautiful wife.
And isn't it ironicdon't you think.
A little too ironicand, yeah, I really do think.
It's like rain on your wedding day.
It's a free ride when you've already paid.
It's the good advice that you just didn't take.
Who would've thought it figures.
Life has a funny way of sneaking up on you.
Life has a funny, funny way of helping you out.
Helping you out.
I recommend getting your heart trampled on to anyone.
I recommend walking around naked in your living room.
Swallow it down what a jagged little pill.
It feels so good swimming in your stomach.
Wait until the dust settles.
You live you learn.
You love you learn.
You cry you learn.
You lose you learn.
You bleed you learn.
You scream you learn.
I recommend biting off more then you can chew to anyone.
I certainly do.
I recommend sticking your foot in your mouth at any time.
Feel free.
Throw it down the caution blocks you from the wind.
Hold it up to the rays.
You wait and see when the smoke clears.
You live you learn.
You love you learn.
You cry you learn.
You lose you learn.
You bleed you learn.
You scream you learn.
Wear it out the way a three-year-old would do.
Melt it down you're gonna have to eventually anyway.
The fire trucks are coming up around the bend.
You live you learn.
You love you learn.
You cry you learn.
You lose you learn.
You bleed you learn.
You scream you learn.
You grieve you learn.
You choke you learn.
You laugh you learn.
You choose you learn.
You pray you learn.
You ask you learn.
You live you learn.
I'm broke but I'm happy.
I'm poor but I'm kind.
I'm short but I'm healthy, yeah.
I'm high but I'm grounded.
I'm sane but I'm overwhelmed.
I'm lost but I'm hopeful baby.
What it all comes down to.
Is that everything's gonna be fine fine fine.
'cause I've got one hand in my pocket.
And the other one is giving a high five.
I feel drunk but I'm sober.
I'm young and I'm underpaid.
I'm tired but I'm working, yeah.
I care but I'm restless.
I'm here but I'm really gone.
I'm wrong and I'm sorry baby.
What it all comes down to.
Is that everything's gonna be quite alright.
'cause I've got one hand in my pocket.
And the other one is flicking a cigarette.
And what it all comes down to.
Is that I haven't got it all figured out just yet.
'cause I've got one hand in my pocket.
And the other one is giving the peace sign.
I'm free but I'm focused.
I'm green but I'm wise.
I'm hard but I'm friendly baby.
I'm sad but I'm laughing.
I'm brave but I'm chickenshit.
I'm sick but I'm pretty baby.
And what it all boils down to.
Is that no one's really got it figured out just yet.
'cause I've got one hand in my pocket.
And the other one is playing the piano.
And what it all comes down to my friends.
Is that everything's just fine fine fine.
'cause I've got one hand in my pocket.
And the other one is hailing a taxi cab.
Do I stress you out.
My sweater is on backwards and inside out.
And you say how appropriate.
I don't want to dissect everything today.
I don't mean to pick you apart you see.
But I can't help it.
There I go jumping before the gunshot has gone off.
Slap me with a splintered ruler.
And it would knock me to the floor if I wasn't there already.
If only I could hunt the hunter.
And all I really want is some patience.
A way to calm the angry voice.
And all I really want is deliverance.
Do I wear you out.
You must wonder why I'm so relentless and all strung out.
I'm consumed by the chill of solitary.
I'm like Estella.
I like to reel it in and then spit it out.
I'm frustrated by your apathy.
And I am frightened by the corrupted ways of this land.
If only I could meet the Maker.
And I am fascinated by the spiritual man.
I am humbled by his humble nature.
What I wouldn't give to find a soulmate.
Someone else to catch this drift.
And what I wouldn't give to meet a kindred.
Enough about me, let's talk about you for a minute.
Enough about you, let's talk about life for a while.
The conflicts, the craziness and the sound of pretenses.
Falling all around all around.
Why are you so petrified of silence.
Here can you handle this?.
Did you think about your bills, your ex, your deadlines.
Or when you think you're gonna die.
Or did you long for the next distraction.
And all I need know is intellectual intercourse.
A soul to dig the hole much deeper.
And I have no concept of time other than it is flying.
If only I could kill the killer.
All I really want is some peace man.
a place to find a common ground.
And all I really want is a wavelength.
All I really want is some comfort.
A way to get my hands untied.
And all I really want is some justice.